# Test script for poolTester based on Charlie's pre-poolTester test deck.
# Hammers the pool with 'real' test queries in several threads simultaneously, restarting intermittently.
# Dumps statistics after running to show final pool state.

# Pre-Execs
pre_exec: start -c $POOLTESTERDIR/configs/testDeck.ptc -w

# Query thread 1.
thread:query1, repetitions:10
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery01.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery02.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery03.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery04.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery05.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery06.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery07.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery08.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery09.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery10.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery11.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery12.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery13.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery14.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery15.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery16.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery17.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery18.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery19.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery20.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query1, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery21.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query1, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."

# Query thread 2.
thread:query2, repetitions:10
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery01.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery02.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery03.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery04.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery05.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery06.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery07.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery08.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery09.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery10.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery11.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery12.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery13.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery14.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery15.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery16.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery17.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery18.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery19.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery20.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query2, run:query -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery21.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query2, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."

# Query thread 3, runs with anydata.
thread:query3, repetitions:10
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery01.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery02.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery03.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery04.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery05.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery06.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery07.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery08.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery09.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery10.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery11.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery12.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery13.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery14.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery15.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery16.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery17.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery18.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery19.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery20.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."
operation_on_thread:query3, run:query -a -q $POOLTESTERDIR/queries/TestQuery21.vis -w
operation_on_thread:query3, run:checkAssertions || error "Assertions check failed in query thread."

# Restart thread.
thread:restart, repetitions:infinite
operation_on_thread:restart, run:sleep 20
operation_on_thread:restart, run:restart

# Post-Execs
post_exec:dumpStats
post_exec:generationStats
post_exec:workerStats
post_exec:quickStats
post_exec:stop
